All right, so match the image
formats to the descriptions.
We have JPEG, PNG, or Ping, apparently,
it's pronounced ping, I never knew that.
We have WebP and AVIF, and
then we have both lossy and
lossless compression, supports HDR and
WCG, supports transparency.
And we have both lossy and lossless
compression, supports transparency,
supports progressive rendering.
Our 3 is lossless compression,
high quality,
supports transparency
,and larger file size.
Or 4, lossy compression,
supports progressive rendering.
It's not really a description,
it's more like characteristics, I guess.
All right, so we have A,
JPEG for lossy compression,
supports progressive rendering.
We have PNG or ping for
lossless compression, high quality, and
supports transparency,
also larger file size.
Then we have WebP for both lossy and
lossless compression,
supports transparency, and
supports progressive rendering.
And AVIF for both lossy and
lossless compression, supports HDR and
WCG, and supports transparency.
So first, when talking about JPEG,
ignore that animation.
But yeah, with lossy compression,
this is a method for data compression
where some of the original image data is
discarded just to get a smaller file size.
So this does mean, though that the image
quality is often worse, but you can kind
of achieve a good balance between size
reduction and an acceptable image quality.
Cuz it's not in all cases that we need
to have the super high res image.
Then we have progressive rendering.
[LAUGH] Is this animation just
gonna be the whole time now?
The back is a kind of
progressive rendering,
cuz that's often what you see
when you visit a website.
And first, the image is super pixelated,
and then slowly it's becoming sharper,
that's progressive rendering and
JPEG supports that.
Okay, sorry about that.
And then there's also faster decoding, cuz
devices can decode them really fast and
display them really quickly without
using any significant processing power.
Next is PNG, this is just the image
I got from Wikimedia or something.
So this is lossless compression, so
it doesn't get rid of any
of the original image data.
So this is perfect for images where you
really need to get these super defined
sharp edges like those, like your logo or
any text, stuff like that.
Where with a JPEG,
it could have been kind of pixelated,
because of the lossy compression.
This one doesn't.
It also supports transparency,
which JPEG doesn't.
Like in this photo,
it has a transparent background.
So yeah, you can kind of have those
images with semi transparent elements as
well with PNG, but because of the lossless
compression is larger and file size.
But in some cases, that is fine.
If you just wanna have this super fine or
refined image, that's okay.
Then we have WebP,
which is a newer image format.
This one supports both lossy and
lossless compression, so
you can kind of configure that yourself.
It also supports transparency, so it's a
pretty good alternative for both JPEG and
PNG, cuz it also supports
progressive rendering.
So we have the good progressive rendering
of JPEG, and this transparency from PNG.
And this one is pretty good for
stuff like this, maybe an e-commerce or
anything where you kind of show these
smaller pictures in a lot of them,
because WebP's size is much,
much smaller than JPEG.
Yeah, it offers a much better compression
than both JPEG and PNG, but yeah.
And then we have AVIF,
which is not as widely supported.
I mean WebP is pretty well right now, but
AVIF is newer and not as well supported.
This also supports both lossy and
lossless compression, same as WebP.
But this also supports
the high dynamic range and
something called the wide color gamut.
I think you pronounce it gamut,
I never know.
It allows you to represent images
with a much bigger contrast and
much more richness and colour to it.
Yeah, also like the luminance level.
I believe is included in
that high dynamic range.
So for example, this picture is super
colorful and it has to be super sharp, and
AVIFF is perfect.
But often, the decoding and
encoding takes a lot longer than
with the other image formats.
And of course, the browser support, there
isn't as much browser support for it yet.
It also supports transparency,
again, same as WebP.
So it's perfect for web background,
transparent backgrounds, stuff like that.